hey guys so I hope you're up to watching
a sketch vlog say just sit back and
chill because we haven't done this
really in like months I can't believe
it's been that long so I thought that
since this is a laid-back chill series
where I just ran to talk about stuff
that we would do it every Friday on this
channel we'll see how long I get stick
with us hopefully for a while so today I
just want to talk about and I've been
reminiscing lately about the past not
the bad parts but about the 80s and 90s
and just like really awesome things us
90s kids had growing up I mean other
than dunkaroos and pogs and pokemon i
could go on forever we had the most
amazing movies and they didn't need to
be in 3d and like jump in your face so
you didn't have to wear glasses and pay
twenty dollars a ticket they were just
well made and they took you on Amazing
Adventures made you think and laugh and
cry and they're just beautiful I felt
like today everyone wants to do
everything 3d and cg I which is amazing
and great and we've come a lot ways in
technology but back in the day there are
so many more people that had jobs and
were hired to work on these movies
because everyone put in more of effort
and they didn't just have a computer do
it for them and just some amazing things
came out so today I wanted to talk about
my top favorite all-time movies from the
80s and 90s that I remember as a kid and
had really good amazing memories and
like just reminisce and had great time
with like my little brother and families
and friends so on my gigantic list I try
to narrow it down the top of my list was
Matilda because I related to her so much
and I'm sure everyone feels like an
outsider this is one of those outsider
stories growing up type stories and it's
kind of childish but at the same time
it's like relates to the real world and
children and adolescents in a little bit
of teenage years and it has some magical
elements to it it's about this little
girl who's a nerdy bookworm and it's
better than that it's amazing you should
watch it another great movie more going
into the epic tales of adventure there's
a lot of them that I have on my list
like this is Princess Bride two guys who
like collide together become friends
and it's a big romance movie as well but
it has as much action adventure so it's
good for guys and girls and I cannot
tell you I don't even like romance chick
flicks that much but this one so
amazingly good well done it's hilarious
it has comedy adventure everything you
should watch it I cannot even stress to
you more why you should watch this movie
it's probably one of the very top ones
on this list if you like Matilda and you
want something more action adventure
it's like action adventure and Matilda
and one because it's about a board game
is Jumanji have you not seen this movie
some people say it's cheesy when they
look back at it now but I still think
it's amazing the characters that are in
it are hilarious if you're big Robin
Williams Finn almost mess up his name
that would have been wearing if you're
big Robin Williams fan you will love
this movie because he's hilarious is
always in it and his role is not just
comedy it's very good he plays almost a
fog fog fog her finger father figure in
the end so good and I can't believe all
that was done like back in the 90s it
was pretty I think pro loyal I cannot
talk tonight it's pretty amazing for
back in the day action adventure type
thing it's kind of like Princess Bride
this movie is actually like the 80s
version of is 80s or 90s I think it's
late 80s version of a lord of the rings
because it is called willow it's like
there's hobbits and Laurel rings but
this one is a little dwarf who has to
save a child throughout the movie and he
goes on this epic medieval adventure
type thing and it is so well done the
storyline is so like rich and good and
of course you know me and little people
I love the little people the dwarves I
think my whole love for the little
people came spawned from this movie when
I was a child like this movie I remember
like everybody my parents my friends my
parents friends we would all gather in
like a living room and just chill out
and bring our blankets and sleeping bags
and pillows and everything and just
watch this movie because we're all
focused and interests
in it because it's like almost all ages
so good another epic adventure of the
80s one of the best 80s movies of all
time you've probably heard of it I want
a shirt I wish I was wearing a shirt
from one of these movies right now I
need to get a shirt for this movie
because it's so good is the goonies of
course this is probably a cult classic
amazing story line about kids who grow
up and go on an amazing adventure of
pirates and everything and it plays like
tries to put pirates into the real world
kind of and it's also an adolescent
teenage thing which I love movies like
that of growing up and feeling awkward
because I feel like that the whole
entire progression of my life so far I
feel like there will always be a part of
me that's in the teenage stages feeling
awkward and weird but maybe that's where
my art stuff comes from who knows
anyways amazing movie that I wanted to
talk about on here is Betelgeuse I'm a
huge timber and van if you haven't
noticed I have a lot of videos on this
channel talking about timber and drawing
Tim Burton stuff like that so this movie
goes into the weirdness of Tim Burton
but it also stays at like gothic and
modern time days like you could picture
like some of the main characters being
regular normal people in real life and
it plays on the idea of death that we
always think about what's gonna happen
when we die it's just really good you
probably heard of it you should watch it
yeah so that was my whole entire list of
all the movies from the 80s and 90s that
I loved as a child and I think that some
of you guys should watch because it
feels like you know when you people read
books and they let go and not a book
club at credit sounds kind of boring but
we have a really good book you want to
give it to someone share with them
because you think that they'll like it
these movies are like this for me or a
very good CD album this is like this for
me I cannot stress you how good it makes
me sad to think about the kids who were
only raised in this newer generation of
3d things because they need to see
really good movies from the past there's
even movies from like
the 70s in early on that you need to see
in the 50s but that's another video so I
like to know in today's sketch vlog is
is what is your favorite childhood movie
that you always have great memories of
watching and if you leave a video
response you can tell me like a whole
list and you get a better chance of
being in the next sketch vlogs video
because last time I'll sketch vlogs we
talked about what do you think would
make a really good reality TV show from
the top of your head and my favorite
comment came from this person who said
that they should have chola Hunger Games
because the description that they made
and everything was hilarious and I could
just picture it and a lot of you guys
said there should be a reality show with
youtubers like a lot of you this is just
a few of them there with a lot so I
can't wait to hear guys responses on
what is your favorite childhood movie
that brings you memories and just lots
of good times and thumbs up if you think
I should do sketch vlogs every Friday
and also I am doing a sketch a day on my
Instagram so you can follow me on
instagram at cat sketch so i will talk
to you guys on Monday I love you guys
bye made it tell me did you fall for
shooting star one that vermin is Garland
you miss me while you were looking for
yourself out there